Created a file about templates, created several starter files, added … (#91)
numtide/blueprint: docs/content/getting-started/install.md

* Python
* Python's numpy package

> > **TIP:** In this section we'll be creating a default developer environment. You can also set up multiple developer environments and place them in the devshell folder as shown in the devshell section [here](folder_structure.md).

Reviewer: nit: either use all caps for "tip" above or don't do here.
```suggestion
> **Tip:** In this section we'll be creating a default developer environment. You can also set up multiple developer environments and place them in the devshell folder as shown in the devshell section [here](folder_structure.md).
```

* Guides
* Contributing

# Adding folders

Next, we'll add some folders into your project to give you an idea of how the
folder system works.

Remember that folders are read automatically. That way, you can drop in 

> place pre-built flakes. For example, on another project, you might have
> built a flake that configures mysql. In that project you placed it in

Author: ```suggestion
place pre-built packages. For example, on another project, you might have
built a package that configures mysql. In that project you placed it in
```
Typically you would say "flake" to refer to the whole repository. And then package or "derivation" for those units of build.

built a flake that configures mysql. In that project you placed it in
a folder called packages. You can then simply create a folder in your new
project also called packages, and drop the mysql file in there, and you're
good to go. No messing around with giant monolithic flake.nix file.

Let's do something similar. Let's add some documentation to your app.
Suppose we want to set up MkDocs with your project.

> **Tip:** Remember, the whole point of Nix is to be able to set up reproducible
environments. What that means is you don't need to install MkDocs globally. Instead,
you can configure it directly in your project.

1. Under the `nix` folder, create another folder called `packages` (all lowercase).
2. Then under `packages` create a folder called `docs`.
3. Inside the `docs` folder, paste the following code into a file called `default.nix`:

```nix
{
  pkgs,
  perSystem,
  ...
}:
pkgs.stdenvNoCC.mkDerivation {
  name = "docs";

  unpackPhase = ''
    cp ${../../../mkdocs.yml} mkdocs.yaml
    cp -r ${../../../docs} docs
  '';

  nativeBuildInputs = with pkgs.python3Packages; [
    mike
    mkdocs
    mkdocs-material

>     mkdocs-awesome-pages-plugin

Reviewer: This was just renamed to mkdocs-awesome-nav in its newest release. (Landed in nixos-unstable just yesterday after https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/389086 was merged and will therefore be in 25.05)

Reviewer 2: @phaer All your suggestions were excellent! Thank you! I worked them all in (except for one I added a TODO note). And I agree, keeping individual paragraphs on a single line works best for diffs. (I know it kind of breaks the "spirit" of markdown, but I'm good with it.)

And as a writer, I especially appreciate that you spotted my inconsistency with TIP vs Tip. 😃

  ];

  buildPhase = ''
    mkdocs build
  '';

  installPhase = ''
    mv site $out
  '';
}
```

> Because Blueprint is present, this code will get located automatically. And notice

> how it can be reused; indeed for this example, we simply copied it over from the

Reviewer: I think newslines break the quote here. Also probably intended a "Tip:" or something here?
